xyz/gillall/demoapp/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
xyz/gillall/demoapp/BR.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.BR
xyz/gillall/demoapp/databinding/VideoGalleryFragmentBindingImpl.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.databinding.VideoGalleryFragmentBindingImpl
xyz/gillall/demoapp/databinding/SdeventViewBindingImpl.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.databinding.SdeventViewBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
xyz/gillall/demoapp/BuildConfig.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.BuildConfig
xyz/gillall/demoapp/databinding/PixabayItemBindingImpl.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.databinding.PixabayItemBindingImpl
xyz/gillall/demoapp/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.DataBindingTriggerClass
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
xyz/gillall/demoapp/databinding/FragmentEventViewerBinding.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.databinding.FragmentEventViewerBinding
xyz/gillall/demoapp/databinding/FragmentVideoViewerBindingImpl.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.databinding.FragmentVideoViewerBindingImpl
xyz/gillall/demoapp/databinding/HubFragmentBinding.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.databinding.HubFragmentBinding
xyz/gillall/demoapp/databinding/FragmentEventViewerBindingImpl.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.databinding.FragmentEventViewerBindingImpl
xyz/gillall/demoapp/databinding/SdeventsFragmentBinding.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.databinding.SdeventsFragmentBinding
xyz/gillall/demoapp/databinding/ImageGalleryFragmentBinding.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.databinding.ImageGalleryFragmentBinding
xyz/gillall/demoapp/databinding/VideoGalleryFragmentBinding.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.databinding.VideoGalleryFragmentBinding
xyz/gillall/demoapp/databinding/PixabayItemBinding.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.databinding.PixabayItemBinding
xyz/gillall/demoapp/databinding/SdeventViewBinding.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.databinding.SdeventViewBinding
xyz/gillall/demoapp/databinding/ImageGalleryFragmentBindingImpl.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.databinding.ImageGalleryFragmentBindingImpl
xyz/gillall/demoapp/databinding/SdeventsFragmentBindingImpl.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.databinding.SdeventsFragmentBindingImpl
xyz/gillall/demoapp/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.DataBinderMapperImpl
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
xyz/gillall/demoapp/databinding/FragmentImageViewerBinding.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.databinding.FragmentImageViewerBinding
xyz/gillall/demoapp/databinding/FragmentVideoViewerBinding.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.databinding.FragmentVideoViewerBinding
xyz/gillall/demoapp/databinding/HubFragmentBindingImpl.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.databinding.HubFragmentBindingImpl
xyz/gillall/demoapp/databinding/FragmentImageViewerBindingImpl.java
 xyz.gillall.demoapp.databinding.FragmentImageViewerBindingImpl
